app/projects/royalzsoftware-website/page.mdx, before:

import Link from 'next/link'
import Cover from '@/components/Cover'

export const metadata = {
  title: 'RoyalZSoftware Website - Next.js Project',
  description:
    'A modern corporate platform built with Next.js, TypeScript, and Tailwind CSS. Developed by Oleksandr Vlasov, the site delivers fast performance, SEO optimization, and a seamless user experience.',
  alternates: {
    canonical: '/projects/royalzsoftware-website',
  },
}

<Cover
  src="/projects/royalzsoftware.png"
  alt="RoyalZSoftware Website Screenshot"
  caption="royalzsoftware.de"
/>

# RoyalZSoftware Website - Next.js Project

**Author:** Oleksandr Vlasov  
**Role:** React Developer  
**Tech Stack:** Next.js, TypeScript, Tailwind CSS, Swiper, Framer Motion, ESLint, Prettier  
**Live Site:** <Link href="https://royalzsoftware.de" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">royalzsoftware.de</Link>

---

## Project Overview

The **RoyalZSoftware website** is a modern corporate platform designed to deliver:

- A technology-focused blog
- A responsive landing page optimized for customer acquisition
- A newsletter subscription system
- Easy promotion of courses and resources through code snippets

Built with **Next.js**, the project emphasizes **fast performance**, **SEO optimization**, and **maintainability** to provide an exceptional user experience.

---

## Technology Stack

- **Next.js (v15.2.1)** - React framework with SSR & SSG
- **TypeScript** - type safety & developer tooling
- **Tailwind CSS** - utility-first styling for rapid UI development
- **ESLint & Prettier** - enforce clean, consistent, high-quality code

---

> In this project, I made a fast and responsive company website. A big task was moving blog posts from Hashnode MDX files and keeping the same URLs. I solved it using Next.js, Tailwind, and Framer Motion, and kept the code clean with ESLint and Prettier.

Commit message:

docs: standardize project descriptions and overviews for all portfolio projects

app/projects/royalzsoftware-website/page.mdx, after:

import Link from 'next/link'
import Cover from '@/components/Cover'

export const metadata = {
  title: 'RoyalZSoftware Website - Next.js Project',
  description:
    'A modern corporate platform built with Next.js, TypeScript, and Tailwind CSS. Developed by Oleksandr Vlasov, the site delivers fast performance, SEO optimization, and a seamless user experience.',
  alternates: {
    canonical: '/projects/royalzsoftware-website',
  },
}

<Cover
  src="/projects/royalzsoftware.png"
  alt="RoyalZSoftware Website Screenshot"
  caption="royalzsoftware.de"
/>

# RoyalZSoftware Website - Next.js Project

**Author:** Oleksandr Vlasov  
**Role:** React Developer  
**Tech Stack:** Next.js, TypeScript, Tailwind CSS, Swiper, Framer Motion, ESLint, Prettier  
**Live Site:** <Link href="https://royalzsoftware.de" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">royalzsoftware.de</Link>

---

## Project Overview

The **RoyalZSoftware website** is a modern company platform with a blog, courses page, landing page, and newsletter.
It is built with Next.js to be fast, SEO-friendly, and easy to maintain while giving users a smooth experience.

---

## Technology Stack

- **Next.js (v15.2.1)** - React framework with SSR & SSG
- **TypeScript** - type safety & developer tooling
- **Tailwind CSS** - utility-first styling for rapid UI development
- **ESLint & Prettier** - enforce clean, consistent, high-quality code

---

## Development Highlights  

- **Blog System:** Space for sharing technology articles and updates.  
- **Landing Page:** Responsive design focused on clear structure and easy navigation.  
- **Newsletter Integration:** Simple forms for users to subscribe and stay updated.  
- **SEO & Performance:** Built with Next.js for fast loading and better search results.

---

> In this project, I made a fast and responsive company website. A big task was moving blog posts from Hashnode MDX files and keeping the same URLs. I solved it using Next.js, Tailwind, and Framer Motion, and kept the code clean with ESLint and Prettier.
